# Carnomaly on Avalanche
In 2022 Carnomaly moved its crypto token economy from Ethereum to the Avalanche network. This change was warranted by high transaction fees on the Ethereum network and the promise of faster speeds. With [staking](https://gitlab.it.ardentcreative.com/clients/carnomaly/staking/solidity-contract) capabilities added to the token in 2021, it became even more important to reduce the aforementioned bottlenecks.

The Carnomaly smart contract was created through a web generator called wish.io. For the move to Avalanche we took that original wish.io smart contract, refactored code, combined the staking functionality, added Ethereum to Avalanche migration functionality, and [more](https://gitlab.it.ardentcreative.com/clients/carnomaly/carnomaly-avalanche-erc20/-/blob/main/contracts/CARR.sol). Smart contract audits by external parties were requested with every new code implementation pushed onto the mainnet.

The Avalanche C-chain (blockchain) is a fully EVM compliant (Ethereum Virtual Machine) network that enables the use of solidity smart contracts. See [here](https://docs.avax.network/build/tutorials/smart-contracts/deploy-a-smart-contract-on-avalanche-using-remix-and-metamask) for more information regarding smart contracting on Avalanche.

# Scripts
**NOTE**: Operations performed on a blockchain and smart contract are typically irreversable.

To perform the airdrop:
```
npx hardhat run airdrop-script.js --network fuji
```

To perform staking rewards migration:
```
npx hardhat run reward-script.js --network fuji
```

To run the manual calculated staking rewards:
```
npx hardhat run calculated-script.js --network fuji
```

The 'calculated-script' is a process created by the team to service staking users on the past Ethereum network implementation, who staked CARR multiple times on different dates. This created a situation less straight-forward, prompting a general staking reward process and a process for the smaller group of users needing to be manually calculated. The csv reports are generated by the web [scraping tool](https://gitlab.it.ardentcreative.com/clients/carnomaly/carnomaly-avalanche-token-swap/-/tree/main).

# Hardhat Testing
We use Hardhat to write scripts, debug, test, and deploy our smart contracts. In a few ways Hardhat can be compared to Truffle suite, to learn more about Hardhat testing click [here](https://hardhat.org).

This project demonstrates a basic Hardhat use case. It comes with a sample contract, a test for that contract, a sample script that deploys that contract, and an example of a task implementation, which simply lists the available accounts.

Try running some of the following tasks:

```shell
npx hardhat accounts
npx hardhat compile
npx hardhat clean
npx hardhat test
npx hardhat node
node scripts/sample-script.js
npx hardhat help
```
